# Assignment 3
## ARM Assembly Program Simulator

In Assignments 3, 4, and 5, an ARM assembly program is to be taken as input and simulated.

Follow these steps:

1. **Parse** the given an ARM assembly program and use an appropriate representation to store it in an array, with each array element representing an instruction.

2. Resolve the addresses of the labels

3. Simulation starts with the Program Counter (PC) pointing to the first instruction.

4. Execute the instruction. Display the values of the Register File and Memory contents as a result of executing the instruction.

5. Proceed to the next instruction and continue the execution.

6. Simulation stops when there is no further instruction to execute.

At the end of execution, any interesting statistics regarding the number and types of instructions executed, etc. are to be reported.

The program must support at least the following instructions:
- LDR/STR
  - *op{type}{cond} Rt, [Rn {, #offset}]* ; immediate offset
  - *op{type}{cond} Rt, [Rn, #offset]!* ; pre-indexed
  - *op{type}{cond} Rt, [Rn], #offset* ; post-indexed
  - *LDR{condition} register,=[expression | label-expression]*
- ADD/SUB
  - *op {Rd}, Rn, Operand2*
  - *op {Rd}, Rn, #imm12* ; 32-bit Thumb ADD and SUB only
- MUL
  - MUL {Rd}, Rn, Rm
- CMP
  - CMP{cond} Rn, Operand2
- For Branches: *op1{cond} label*
  - BNE
  - BGE
  - B
  - BL
- MOV
  - *MOV{S}{cond} Rd, Operand2*
  - *MOV{cond} Rd, #imm16*


ALL variations of the above instructions need not be implemented. Also, Assignment 2 can be used as a sample benchmark (by removing comments) for testing the simulator.

It can be assumed that the size of data memory is 100 words and start address is 1000.

The simulator should at least support immediate operand and registers.

[**OPTIONAL**: Implement the simulation of other ARM instructions. Make appropriate assumptions.]
